**Really good proposal overall.** I would like to have seen something on the ground mission - **how much are you planning on loading it to?** Also, a payload range of **1-20 lb is kinda crazy.** Perhaps a smaller volume allotment that could be loaded to a more realistic range. Great work on manufacturing and testing. Those sections are hard at this point in the process, but critical. If you are not thinking about it now, you risk not getting there by the end.

**Good summary and management review.** I think you would have benefitted from explaining your optimization and trade study methods in more detail. Text says you're using a rectangular wing, but picture shows a tapered wing. Discrepancies like this lead to loss of confidence in your explanation. Rules say **2 fasteners to secure antenna, but picture shows 4. Be sure to correct this for your final design.** No discussion of weight, drag, or mission energy estimation methods. Do you have a breakdown of expected empty weight or goal empty weight? How did you optimize box dimensions? The testing plan description is weak. I think you should have devoted more space to that. "**Strongly encouraged to collaborate**" sentence adds no point value, but not talking about wind tunnel testing after showing that as a block in your schedule does reduce your proposal score. Overall, you have what appears to be a good starting point for a successful airplane.

**Team, Overall, well done.** The report was clear and concise. It was obvious that a lot of effort had been expended. The design is well thought out, and shows all areas were considered. **It is important to include a schedule for the manufacturing of the prototype.** All graphics were easy to follow and attractive. Keep up the good work.

